The President:
This week in Libya, we lost
four of our fellow Americans.
Glen Doherty, Tyrone
Woods, Sean Smith,
and Chris Stevens were all
killed in an outrageous attack
on our diplomatic
post in Benghazi.
These four Americans represented
the very best of our country.
Glen and Tyrone had each served
America as Navy SEALs for many
years, before continuing their
service providing security for
our diplomats in Libya.
They died as they
lived their lives --
defending their
fellow Americans,
and advancing the values
that all of us hold dear.
Sean also started his service
in uniform, in the Air Force.
He then spent years at
the State Department,
on several continents, always
answering his country's call.
And Ambassador Chris Stevens
died a hero in two countries --
here in the United States, where
he inspired those of us who knew
him; and in Libya, a country
that he helped to save,
where he ultimately
laid down his life.
On Friday, I was able to tell
their families how much the
American people
appreciated their service.
Without people like them,
America could not sustain the
freedoms we enjoy, the
security we demand,
and the leadership that
the entire world counts on.
As we mourn their loss, we must
also send a clear and resolute
message to the world: those who
attack our people will find no
escape from justice.
We will not waver
in their pursuit.
And we will never allow anyone
to shake the resolve of the
United States of America.
This tragic attack takes place
at a time of turmoil and protest
in many different countries.
I've made it clear that the
United States has a profound
respect for people
of all faiths.
We stand for religious freedom.
And we reject the denigration
of any religion --
including Islam.
But there is never any
justification for violence.
There is no religion that
condones the targeting of
innocent men and women.
There is no excuse for attacks
on our Embassies and Consulates.
And so long as I am
Commander-in-Chief,
the United States will never
tolerate efforts to harm our
fellow Americans.
Right now, we are doing whatever
we can to protect Americans who
are serving abroad.
We're in contact with
governments around the globe,
to strengthen our cooperation,
and underscore that every nation
has a responsibility to
help us protect our people.
We've moved forward with an
effort to see that justice is
done for those we lost, and
we will not rest until that
work is done.
Most of all, we must reaffirm
that we will carry on the work
of our fallen heroes.
I know the images on our
televisions are disturbing.
But let us never forget
that for every angry mob,
there are millions who yearn
for the freedom and dignity
and hope that our
flag represents.
That's the cause of America --
the ideals that took root in our
founding; the opportunity that
drew so many to our shores;
and the awesome progress
that we have promoted all
across the globe.
We are Americans.
We know that our spirit
cannot be broken,
and the foundation of our
leadership cannot be shaken.
That is the legacy of the
four Americans we lost --
men who will live on in the
hearts of those they loved,
and the strength of the
country they served.
So with their
memory to guide us,
we will carry forward the work
of making our country stronger,
our citizens safer, and
the world a better and more
hopeful place.
Thanks.